1.{	Category : "Citrix Workspace"
  	Question :  "how to install Citrix Workspace on your personal Mac computer. "
	Answer : " 1. Go to http://myworkspace.jpmchase.com/ and log in with your desktop credentials. 
		2. Click the Citrix License Agreement checkbox. 
		3. Select Download. 
		4. After the download is complete, open the file. 
		5. Double click Install Citrix Workspace. 
		6. Install Citrix Workspace. 
		7. Enter your MAC ID and password to install the software onto your computer. 
		8. Continue with all steps until completion. 

		Alternative installation option: 
		1. Go to https://www.citrix.com/en-gb/ > Products > Download Citrix Workspace App > Download. 
		2. Once the installation has finished, restart the computer and open Citrix. 
		3. When prompted to enter your work email or server address, enter https://myworkspace.jpmchase.com. 
		4. Select Next and enter your login credentials and RSA token as requested. 
		For directions on uninstalling Citrix Workspace App, view Uninstall Citrix Workspace for Mac. 
		For directions on uninstalling Citrix Receiver for Mac, view Uninstall Citrix Receiver for Mac." }

2.{
	Category : "Citrix Workspace"
	question : "how to install Citrix Workspace on your Windows device ?"
	Answer   : "1. Go to https://myworkspace.jpmchase.com/. 
		Note: Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox browsers are recommended. 
		2. Click the Citrix License Agreement checkbox. 
		3. Select Download. 
		4. Open the .exe file that downloads to your computer. 
		5. Complete the on-screen installation process. 

		If you run into any issues while installing Citrix Workspace with the above steps, follow this guide: 
		1. Go to http://receiver.citrix.com/. 
		2. Click Download for Windows. 
		3. Select Download Citrix Workspace app for Windows. 
		4. Open the .exe file that downloads to your computer. 
		5. Complete the installation process and select Finish.

		Alternative installation option: 
		1. Go to https://www.citrix.com/en-gb/ > Products > Download Citrix Workspace App > Download. 2. Once the installation has finished, restart the computer and open Citrix. 
		3. When prompted to enter your work email or server address, enter https://myworkspace.jpmchase.com. 4. Click Next and enter your login credentials and RSA token as requested. 
		You're now able to access myWorkSpace remotely by following these steps, Access myWorkSpace from Chrome "
}

3.{
	Category : "Citrix Workspace"
	question : "how to display myWorkSpace on two monitors using Windows. ?"
	Answer   : "1. Log in to myworkspace.jpmchase.com. 
2. Select the Citrix Toolbar icon at the top of your screen. 
To see the Citrix Toolbar, you must use the full version of Citrix.  

3. Drag the Window icon to the middle of your two displays so half is on one screen and half is on the other. 

4. Select the Citrix Toolbar icon and choose Full-screen to maximize both screens. 

Special Note: 
Your screen resolution must be set the same for all screens. To change your screen resolution manually:  
1. Right click on your personal desktop (not the virtual desktop), and select Display settings.

2. Select Extend these displays from the Multiple displays drop down menu."
}

4.{
	Category : "Citrix Workspace"
	question : "how to install the RSA SecurID token app on your Apple device.  ?"
	Answer   : "For Android Devices: Install the RSA SecurID App on Your Android Device. 
1. Go to the App Store on your device. 
2. Search for SecurID. 
3. Select Get.Note: If prompted, enter your Apple ID credentials. 
4. The SecurID app will be installed on your device. 
Once the application has been installed, follow the instructions in Request a New Token Using myToken Portal to request and activate your"
}

5.{
	Category : "Citrix Workspace"
	question : "How to set up multiple monitors on your Mac computer.?"
	Answer   : "1. Select the Apple Menu and choose System Preferences… 

2. Select Mission Control. 
3. Turn off Displays have separate Spaces by removing the checkmark. 
Note: You will have to log out and log in for the changes to take effect.  
4. Go to myworkspace.jpmchase.com and launch your session as usual.
5. Select View and turn on Use All Displays In Full Screen. 
6. Select the green maximize button in the upper left corner of your Citrix window to use all monitors."
}

6.{
	Category : "Citrix Workspace"
	question : "Remote Connect Issues for Windows 10 Corporate Laptops."
	Answer   : "Follow the instructions below to properly log into Remote Connect in order to fix any issues within the application on a Windows 10 corporate laptop. 
1. Select the upward-facing caret in the bottom right corner, then select the Cisco AnyConnect icon from the shortcut menu. 
The following window will pop: 

NOTE: If you are connecting using an Ethernet cable, you will need to launch Remote Connect, not Cisco AnyConnect. See Step 4 for launching Remote Connect 
2.  Once you have launched Cisco AnyConnect, select the wireless network that you want to access, then select Connect. 
3. Enter your Wi-Fi password in the Key field, then select OK.

4. Once you are connected to Wi-Fi, launch the Start menu, then select Remote Connect (lock icon). 
5. In the NetScaler Gateway window, select Always to initiate the endpoint analysis scan. 
6. In the Remote Connect window, enter your login credentials. Select Log On once complete. 
a. Enter your SID in the Username field 
b. SecurID 
I. Soft Token: Token code 
II. Hard Token: PIN + Token code 
NOTE: Before loading any application ensure you click on Map Network Drive from the start "
}

7.{
	Category : "Citrix Workspace"
	question : "Resolve Citrix Issues When Connecting Remotely From a Personal Computer"
	Answer   : "This article will help you resolve some of the common issues encountered when connecting remotely from a personal computer and will provide
instructions on how to uninstall Citrix.
Each set of instructions should be followed in order. and tested after each step to see if this remediates the issues you are experiencing.
Note: Ensure that your system has all latest updates installed, including the latest operating system and latest versions of browsers. Citrix
Workspace should be downloaded from myworkspace.jpmchase.com.

Help connecting to http://myworkspace.jpmchase.com
Make sure you can access other internet sites. If you can’t, try powering off your home internet router and after a couple of minutes power it
back on.
If you are going to create a favorite or bookmark in your browser, make sure the address is "http://myworkspace.jpmchase.com".
If you are unable to browse to http://myworkspace.jpmchase.com and see the login page, clear your browser cookies and cache.
Try another internet browser like Chrome, Firefox or Microsoft Edge.
Try restarting your personal computer.
Help with frequent disconnections
Make sure you are have Citrix Workspace installed and are using this app when remotely connecting. For more information, review
MyWorkSpace FAQs
Try powering off your home internet router and after a couple of minutes power it back on.
Restart your personal computer.
“Citrix Connection Interrupted” message pop ups
1. Try powering off your home internet router and after a couple of minutes power it back on.
2. Uninstall and reinstall your Citrix Workspace app following the below steps.
Uninstall Citrix
For Mac:
1. a. Locate the application in the Finder.
b. Drag the application to the Trash, or select the app and choose File > Move to Trash.
c. If you are asked for a user name and password, enter the name and password of an administrator account on your personal Mac.
d. To delete the app, choose Finder > Empty Trash.
1.
For Windows:
1. a. Right-click the Start button.
b. Click Control Panel.
c. Go to Programs and Features (if your Control Panel is in Category view, go to Uninstall a Program).
d. Look for Citrix Workspace, click it to select it, and then click Uninstall.
Reinstall Citrix For Mac:
Install Citrix Workspace on a Personal Mac
For Windows:
Install Citrix Workspace on a Personal Windows Device"
}

8.{
	Category : "Citrix Workspace"
	question : "how to install the RSA SecurID App on your Android device ?"
	Answer   : "For iOS (Apple) Devices: Install the RSA SecurID app on your iOS (Apple) Device.
Follow these steps:
1. Go to the Google Play store on your mobile device
2. Type SecurID in the search bar
Note: To be sure you are uploading the correct app, type pub:RSA Security on the search bar, you'll only see the apps uploaded by RSA.
3. Click on the SecurID option with the Cloud Icon
4. Select Install
5. The SecurID app has been installed on your mobile device
Note: The app may request access to take pictures in order to scan the QR code to import the token, please allow.
After installing the app, follow the steps on Request a New Token Using myToken Portal in order to deploy the token to the app."
}

9.{
	Category : "Citrix Workspace"
	question : "Reset a SecurID PIN with Manager's assistance"
	Answer   : "This article will provide the steps managers need to follow to generate a one-time passcode using the Verbal Access Code section in myToken Portal.
1. Click this link to open myToken Portal page: go/mytoken if you are connected to JPMC network. If you are not connected to JPMC, please type
http://mytoken.jpmchase.com.
2. Select Manager.
3. On the next screen, please enter the Employee's Standard ID (SID).
4. Check "I attest that I am speaking with employee through video call".
Note: If you are unable to verify the employee via video camera you are not allowed, under any circumstances, to Generate an Access Code.
5. Submit and provide the Verbal Access Code to the employee over the Video Call."
}

10.{
	Category : "Citrix Workspace"
	question : "Request a SecurID Soft Token with Manager's Assistance"
	Answer   : "This article provides the steps for employees to activate their token.
Employee Instructions
1. You'll need the verbal access code (provided by your manager) and a mobile access code. You'll receive a text message to the number on your
profile with the mobile access code.
Note: In order to receive the mobile access code, you must have your current cell number registered in your employee profile. Your personal
information can be updated at me.jpmchase.com.
2. To request a new token, go to https://mytoken.jpmchase.com/mytoken/soft-token-request.
3. Enter your information and select Submit.
4. When you see Your soft token is now ready! open the SecurID app on your mobile device.
5. Choose Get Started and then select Scan QR Code.
6. Activate your new token by scanning the QR code from your mobile device."
}

11.{
	Category : "Citrix Workspace"
	question : "Install and Configure the RSA SecurID Token App on My Corporate Owned Device"
	Answer   : "This article will explain the steps for installing and configuring the RSA SecurID Software token application on your Corporate Owned Device. First,
you'll need to navigate to another article to see the instructions to get a new token. Once you get to the point in the process where you have a QR
code available to scan, you can return to this article and follow the instructions for a Corporate Owned Device.
If you already have an existing token on another device follow the instructions on how to Replace your Existing Soft Token.
If this is first time you are setting up the token please follow the steps in Request a SecurID Soft Token with Manager's Assistance.
When you get to the point where you’ve generated a QR code, come back to this article and follow the steps below:
1. Open the Hub application on your Corporate Owned Device.
2. Scroll down to RSA SecurID Software Token App > Install.
3. Once the application has been installed, tap Token from list of installed applications to open.
4. Accept the License Agreement.
5. Click on the import symbol (+ sign) and select Scan QR Code or Enter Link Option.
Your RSA SecurID Token application is now ready to use."
}

12.{
	Category : "Citrix Workspace"
	question : "Reset My Password from Outside the JPMC Network with Manage Password"
	Answer   : "All current or former JPMC employees can reset their locked, expired or forgotten Single Sign-On (SSO), Desktop, (Active Directory) and Janus
passwords from outside the JPMC network by following the steps below.
Note:
Employee’s home or cell number must be listed in me@jpmc to successfully receive an access code for verification purposes
Must know answers to your security questions
Must have the token passcode from your hard or soft token (applicable to current employees and/or contractors only)
STEPS:
1. Access Manage Password: https://password.jpmchase.com/pce/otp
2. Validate your identity by entering your Standard ID (SID) and Phone Number, then select to receive an access code on your phone
through SMS or Voice followed by Next.
3. An 8-digit access code will be delivered to the registered phone number. Enter this Access Code and choose Next.
Note: The access code is valid for 10 minutes. After that time, a new access code must be requested.
4. Enter the answers to your security questions to further validate your identity. Answer 3 out of 4 questions and choose Next.
5. Review the Password Rules then, type in and confirm your New Password. Once that is complete, Submit.
6. You will also be prompted to key in your token passcode.
7. The screen below will appear once the reset is complete. Please wait 15 minutes for this to take effect as it may take some time to update
across various systems."
}



